README.md, before:

GetOpt
======
This is somehow a substitution for the function `getopt()`.
My intention was to have a simple class which I can use in MSVS projects.

Installation
============
Just add the GetOpt.cpp and GetOpt.h to your project.

Usage
=====

## First Version ##
In the `main()` function it can be used as follow: 
```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:v::dkh" );
    while ( ( opt = getopt() ) != EOF )
    {
        switch ( opt )
        {
			case 'd':
		...
		}
	}
```

## Second Version ##
However, it can be used with a range-based for loop, like:

```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:vdkh" );
    for ( auto opt : getopt )
    {
        switch ( opt )
        {
			case 'd':
		...
		}
    }
```
## Option File ##
Another option is to provide a file with some arguments. May be you have a lot of options and the most
doesn't change, but you want to play with some. In such a case put the stable ones in a file and the other
per command line. The options out of the file are put in front of the ones given by `argv`.
```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:vdkh", "myargs.txt" );
	...
```
The file `myargs.txt` might look like this:
```
	-d
	-l /home/user/logs
```
Hint: Currently only one argument per line is supported.

## Option String ##
The option string (3nd argument) has the same format and meaning as the [`getopt()`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/getopt.3.html) function.
Currently the long option format is not supported.

Examples
========
A lot of examples can be found in the unit test folder.

TODO
====
- Overwriting arguments from the file with the one given by argv. Currently no check is there and duplicated
arguments are treated twice (or even more).
- Find a way to handle options file if given by argv.

Commit message:

Avoid duplicated options.
If a option is given by argv then the same ones of the
option file are ignored. That also means that the one
of argv wins over the one from the file.

README.md, after:

GetOpt
======
This is somehow a substitution for the function `getopt()`.
My intention was to have a simple class which I can use in MSVS projects.

Installation
============
Just add the GetOpt.cpp and GetOpt.h to your project.

Usage
=====

## First Version ##
In the `main()` function it can be used as follow: 
```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:v::dkh" );
    while ( ( opt = getopt() ) != EOF )
    {
        switch ( opt )
        {
			case 'd':
		...
		}
	}
```

## Second Version ##
However, it can be used with a range-based for loop, like:

```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:vdkh" );
    for ( auto opt : getopt )
    {
        switch ( opt )
        {
			case 'd':
		...
		}
    }
```
## Option File ##
Another option is to provide a file with some arguments. May be you have a lot of options and the most
doesn't change, but you want to play with some. In such a case put the stable ones in a file and the other
per command line. The options out of the file are put in front of the ones given by `argv`.
```CPP
    GetOpt getopt( argc, argv, "H:l:vdkh", "myargs.txt" );
	...
```
The file `myargs.txt` might look like this:
```
	-d
	-l /home/user/logs
```
*Hint 1: Currently only one argument per line is supported.*

*Hint 2: Command line oprtions win over the ones from the file.*

## Option String ##
The option string (3nd argument) has the same format and meaning as the [`getopt()`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/getopt.3.html) function.
Currently the long option format is not supported.

Examples
========
A lot of examples can be found in the unit test folder.

TODO
====
- Find a way to handle options file if given by argv.
